Nowhere
-1
You can't enter here. For one reason or another you face a hollow abyss.
You can't enter here. For one reason or another you face a hollow abyss.
END
New University College
0
You are at your residence, New University College. To the north is Union Station.
You are at your residence, New University College. This is a new U of T residence 
although your room is a bit messy after digging around for your t-card, you couldn’t be 
happier with all the space especially since you were able to get a single room. You have 
room for your bed and a desk. The location is very convenient since Union Station is just 
north of here.
END
Union Station
1
You are at Union Station. Back south is New University College.
You are at Union Station you always take the GO Train here to travel to Markham and the
busyness is not unfamiliar, but at this time of day, there appears to be more people 
seperating you from the platform. 
END
Unionville GO
2
You are at Unionville GO, in Markham. Continuing north, you can explore more of this city.
You're at Unionville GO, in Markham. You are welcomed with a gentle breeze as you laugh 
about how you were just here yesterday. To your north there is an intersection no matter 
where you are headed in Markham, you have to go through there.
END
Intersection
3
You are at an intersection. A little down West is your grandparent's house, farther north is your friend Eric's house and Mcdonalds and to get to your parent's house and your aunt Jean's house you travel east.
You are at an intersection and you ponder where to travel first. To the west lies your 
grandparents' house, a nostalgic haven, while northward awaits Eric's gaming stronghold
and the tempting delights of McDonald's. Venture eastward for quests leading to your parents' 
home and Aunt Jean's enchanted abode. 
END
Road 1
4
You are in your parent's and aunt Jean's neihbourhood. North is your parent's house, east is Jean's. The intersection is west.
You are in your parent's and aunt Jean's neihbourhood. You see your parent's house north, it's 
also your childhood home but its beggining to look smaller after entering U of T. You hope you 
will find your mom there. To your east is aunt Jean's house. It's a blessing she lives so close,
you can just smell her homemade pie. 
END
Jean's Door
5
You are at aunt Jean's door. The intersection is to your west.
You are at aunt Jean's door. It doesn't take super hearing to know that she has guests over. 
END
Jean's Living Room
6
You are in Jean's house. Your mom is also there.
You are in Jean's house. She seemed prepared for guests she has her signature brownies and the 
flowers on the table are fresh. It seems she had just finished her birthday cake. Looking around 
more you see your mom!
END
Road 4
7
This is the road between your grandparent's house and the intersection. West is your grandparent's house and east is the intersection.
This is the road between your grandparent's house and the intersection. You always forget how
long the trip between your grandparent's house and the intersection. You come across few people 
on this road, but it is not short of squirrels. If you head west, you can reach your grandparent's 
house and east is the intersection. 
END
Grandparent's Door
8
You are at the door of your grandparent's house. You can return to the intersection by going east. 
You are at the door of your grandparent's house. You have always admired the plants they have in front this is where your love for hydrangeas come from. In the window, you see their cat Mittens. 
END
Grandparent's Living Room 
9 
You have entered your grandparent's house. 
END
Road To Friends House and Mcdonalds
10
This is the road between the intersection and Erics house and Mcdonalds. Go north to reach Eric's house or Mcdonalds and south to get back to the intersection. 
This is the road between the intersection and Erics house and Mcdonalds. Going down this road always makes you excited. All the fun things are here, you walked down this road a million times during summer breaks. 
Parent's House
11
You are at your parent's house. 








